I want to make a ‘inventory web app’ with raw php(for backend, common header, footer, with modern ui fancy looking) 
and html, css, js for frontend.
There will be 4 types of users-  Admin, Manager, Accounce, Viewers. 
admin: can monitor all the things as main user,admin will have access to create new user as manager and accounce, 
can block other user, can manage name(both for main app and user) and logo.
manager: manager will controll all the things to handle the app, who will add product(p_name, P_id, price, quentity, 
p_code with edit option), sell product to customer(so manage will see all the customer who is created by accounce ),
 monitor all previous sold product as draft for different user  
accounce: accounce officer will crete customer(a table with c_id, name, balance, review customer(previous sold product))
(who is not any user, but manager will check which customer they sold which product and check customer current balance) 
just to truck the order. also have the access to transfer balance to customer(as debit credit)
viewers: who will have the access to see all the report for selleing product to customer(for all customer) in daily,
weekly or monthly or yearly basis also check other user like manager and accounce. 
so the thing is user will login just see all the repost for the company who its going as a report for all the section
 for all manager for all accouce and for all customer.
Now i am giving u full review that this will be a web app for example it will be for a company where there will be 4 types
 of user with different login(have to register before login)with id, name, email, email, image, and other thing u may 
 add if needed basis on my project. then different user will have there different segment as i have said already,
  The thing is it should be a professional web app for a company who will handle there all the things through this app,
   where admin will act as a company md, then manager will handle all sufficient things for to sell product and 
   maintanince customer , all for all the things there will be a report section so that manager can check there all 
   selling and managing things through this report.
accounce will handle customer by giving them balance .
NB: this web app should be must mobile responsive, and all the dot file will be under different section like all
 login file will be under a seperate file, all css js html will be under assets file, other user will be in
  others seperate file with sufficients things, and u have to give me all sql for database and table creation.
   one more things that no data will be delete but there will be delete button if manager or accounce delete 
   anyting it be delete from frontenf but wont be delete from backend from the database.
for all seperate user there will be seperate dashboard to controll all the sufficient thing under seperate users.
and this web app will be with moder ui fancy looking app.